[Draft]: Stable Diffusion quantization example (#294)
huggingface/optimum-intel: notebooks/openvino/README.md

| [How to quantize a question answering model with OpenVINO NNCF](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/question_answering_quantization.ipynb) | Show how to apply post-training quantization on a question answering model using [NNCF](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf) and to accelerate inference with OpenVINO| [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/question_answering_quantization.ipynb)| [![Open in AWS Studio](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/studiolab.svg)](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/import/github/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/question_answering_quantization.ipynb)|

> | [Compare performance of the floating-point and quantized Stable Diffusion pipiline](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/question_answering_quantization.ipynb) | Show how to apply post-training quantization on a question answering model using [NNCF](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/nncf) and to accelerate inference with OpenVINO| [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/stable_diffusion_quantization.ipynb)| [![Open in AWS Studio](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/studiolab.svg)](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/import/github/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/stable_diffusion_quantization.ipynb)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Compare outputs of a quantized Stable Diffusion model with its full-precision counterpart](https://github.com/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/stable_diffusion_quantization.ipynb) | Show how to load and compare outputs from two Stable Diffusion models with different precision| [![Open in Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/assets/colab-badge.svg)](https://colab.research.google.com/github/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/stable_diffusion_quantization.ipynb)| [![Open in AWS Studio](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/studiolab.svg)](https://studiolab.sagemaker.aws/import/github/huggingface/optimum-intel/blob/main/notebooks/openvino/stable_diffusion_quantization.ipynb)|
```
